Hi! Welcome to this course
on computing basics
for security.
My name is Kim, and I work as
a Technical Program
Manager in security.
I grew up with computers
and the internet
but didn't really
consider security as
a career opportunity until I saw
how it was interwoven
into technology.
Before my first security job,
I worked on a cloud
application team
and had to regularly interact
with the security team.
It was my first experience
working with security,
but the idea of protecting
information and working
with others towards that
goal was exciting to me.
As a result, I decided to
work towards my CISSP,
which led me to some new job
opportunities at my company,
and I was then able to
move into security.
At this point, if you've
been following along,
you've already
explored a variety of
concepts useful to
the security field,
including security
domains and networking.
I'm excited to join you
during the next part
of the program.
We'll take it slow
so that you can
understand these topics
in practical ways.
The focus of this course
is computing basics.
When you understand how
the machines in an
organization's system work,
it helps you do your job as
a security analyst
more efficiently.
Part of your job as a
security analyst is to
keep systems protected
from possible attacks.
You're one of the
first levels of
defense in protecting an
organization's data.
To do this effectively,
it's helpful to understand how
the system you're
protecting works.
In addition, you may need to
investigate events to help
correct errors in the system.
Being familiar with
Linux operating system
and its associated commands,
and also being able
to interact with
an organization's data through
SQL, will help you with that.
In this course,
you'll learn about
operating systems and how they
relate to applications
and hardware.
Next, you'll explore
the Linux operating
system in more detail.
Then you'll use the
Linux command line
within a security context.
Finally, we'll discuss how
you can use SQL to query
databases while working
as a security analyst.
I'm excited to explore all of
these topics with you.
Let's get started.